Hi everyone.
So let's see how we can randomly sample some portion of your personal data frame object.
So let me just execute this had I not.
Did I not see this we.
Now why we need to do such a kind of random sampling.
So sometimes in your use case you need to randomly select some sort of lay down you want to analyze
it.
So that is a one use case.
Sometimes when you're working with any kind of predictive modeling that related algorithm.
So in that case most likely you need to divide your data into two different chunks of data.
Let's say training sets up data diner testing sets of data.
So you apply your algorithm on a training sets of data create your model and apply this data on your
newly created money.
So in such a kind of situation you need to randomly sample some data and that data for object provides
us one sample function.
So let me execute this thing.
I guess I'll execute it OK and let us verify for school records first.
Now let's see.
And let's see how many first records are really but.
So we are going to use this land function and we can just simply pass literally if so we'll total 32000
560 six records out of it.
Now let's say if you want to randomly choose one particular records or not particular because any number
records so we can use later sample matter and we are going to discuss here the two different arguments
associated with this particular function.
So let's just see the documentation.
So the first one is the n which is indicating that how many total number of item are random item you
want to try from your ordinary data frame object.
And the second argument is like a fraction.
So how much fractions of your data you want to grab.
So that is not dependent on any hardcoded value.
Well let's say you want to read 30 percent of your whole data frame object or 1 percent only of your
full data frame object.
So in that case you can use this Frank argument.
OK let's try it.
And first.
So let's say N is for logistic one.
So I just want to grab one randomly sample data from our total 32000 561 records.
So it has return as the final record was indexing thirty one thousand seventy six.
Let's execute this thing again.
So we all got done at the record every time you execute you will get done and the records.
Let's try it instead of 1.
Let's say you want to grab let's say four records.
So for randomly sent by value it will returns.
OK.
Now let's drive down that argument.
Let's say you want to grab one percentage of data so you can pass this frac value.
Now this frac value is varying from 0 to 1.
That how much in terms of fraction you want to grab the data.
Let's say you want to grab the data one percentage of your full data frame object.
So in that case you're two puzzling on one.
Divide the hundred which is zero point zero one.
If you just look and let us displayed so you can see it as returned as number of different records.
Man Let's see how many records it has done.
Total to 26 Rosie does return.
That means that Aveo reclaimed one percentage of data out of our total 32000.
Some records were available which is nothing but the full 100 percent of your data or you want to be
able to say 10 percentage of data.
So in that case you can use like a 0 to 1 which is equivalent to 10 percent each.
So now you really get something like a three thousand I guess yeah three thousand two hundred fifty
six.
So in this way you can use these two arguments to randomly get some portion of your DNA.
They definitely object.